Welcome to Be Detail 2.0 Today we will talk about
how you can renew expired bike insurance in 5 minutes.
You can do bike insurance very easily by doing it.
When you come to its home page, you will get the
option here under insurance,
bike or tax or help, then here you will do bike
insurance, you will have to click on bike,
if you are
going to do
bike insurance for the first time through PhonePe, then you will get an interface like this,
under that you will have to
file the bike number and click on submit option,
which bike you write, if you want to select the bike, then
you can type here,
whatever your bike is, you will type it,
after typing, the bike will be in front of you, all the
versions will be visible to you,
you will check out the version of your bike here,
after that if your previous policy has expired more than
90 days
before 90, then you will say yes, if you
advise it to say no, then say yes here,
after that you will have to click here, the names
of different companies will appear in front of you, at the top you will
see the plan  If you click on it,
you will see two types of plans here,
which is the most popular, in this
you get all the benefits and the second one
is third party, in third party only the third
party, which is the other party, if someone has an
accident, then the other party
gets the claim of that party, so here the
comprehensive and the third party, there is
not much difference in its rates, there will be a
difference of about 150 rupees, here you
can see which company is
providing you at what rate, from here
you can also change the duration, if
you want to do 1 air, 2 air, 3 air, then
you can check it out from here, you
can select it, like the cheapest one
shown here is of United
Insurance Company, yours is ₹1474 and
in this you will see a value
19530, this is the current value of your bike, that is, you can get a claim up to
this much rupees, so the more
expensive the
plan you take, the higher will be the valuation of the bike here  It will be done,
for example, if you have
seen HDFC Agro, then it
is showing a valuation of 25110 bike here,
Bajaj Allianz is showing a variation of 352 rupees,
so the valuation of this company will be
higher in the prices of the company,
if you want to take a cheaper plane then its
valuation will also be lower, so after
selecting the plane here and clicking on it,
first of all you will have to enter your details here in the provider details, either
it can be auto filled
or you will have to fill in the mobile
number, email address and owner, you will have to enter your PAN
number and after entering the date of birth,
you will have to click on the continue option,
then you can see an interface like this,
here it is given inside the bike details, if
you want to edit it then
you will get the edit option in the editor, you will
check out the chassis number and engine number of your bike,
if there is something wrong in it then
you can type it from here and
click on the continue option again
because the money here is there, it will be
deducted from you on the basis of GST also, like  Here you can see that
20065 GST is being charged
plus on damage premium of Rs 108 and basic
third party liability of Rs 1366, in this way
your premium of Rs 300 will appear increased here,
so you can check it out,
finally after checking everything,
check once again whether you are going to
buy comprehensive plan or are going to get third
party insurance, it will
show you which plan you are buying,
then you will have to click on buy option,
after the payment is done, some such
information can also come in front of you, which means
KYC is mandatory, so
here you can see, three
boxes will be shown to you, then submit your details, a
checkbox will be shown to you here, that is, there is no
problem in it,
you will have to verify some details of the insurance, and
after that an option will be shown to you, policy
bill will be issued if verification is successful,
your policy will be done only after the verification is successful, so
you have to click on start.  You will have to submit
Aadhar Card, Driving
License, Passport
Photo as address proof of identity, upload back photo of Aadhar,
click on its new option
here, it may take 48 hours for verification,
so you will have to wait till 48 hours,
as soon as the verification process is
completed, you will get it
and by downloading the mail, you
can print the bike insurance papers
and do it
and you can check out this mail from here, in
this way you can also make an entry in it,
if in future you want to make a
claim from it, then
you will get all the information about how to make the claim in this video,
so you will be able to do it by taking a printout of it.